measure ingredients gather and measure
ingredients prepare potato pancake
batter in a bowl mixed mashed potatoes
egg and buttermilk gradually fold in
flour to the mixture add strange spinach
and mix prepare sour cream before baking
in a separate bowl add green food
coloring to the sour cream to achieve
the desired shade of green let's start
baking step temperature to 320 degrees
Fahrenheit lightly oil the surface when
the ready indicator on your skillet
turns off start pouring the batter in 6
equal parts bake bothh turn the pancake
over after one side is cooked with a
Turner avoid using metallic cooking
tools serve immediately when both sides
are cooked place pancakes on plates and
top with green sour cream and your
favorite garnishes such as Dill's or
bacon bits for best results serve while
warm
for the whole family
table top cooking with the whole family
can be a fun way to dine
but please be very careful not to burn
yourself with the hot surface happy st.
Patrick's Day from Zojirushi